it's like all my days I've been hearing
this this beat in my head might like a
pawn but then sometimes mine to get real
soft less like I can't be stopped his
words real I like that man it's hard out
here for a pimp of the only life he's
ever known
I mean trying to squeeze a dollar out of
a dime and I ain't even got ass it takes
time DJ the only family he's ever had
what the hell fire no this means it
means I believe when you say why you
believed me and the only chance he'll
ever get i never gonna be nothin wonder
what you a is retin-a to break free my
daddy you know his heart gave her to him
when he was my age
got me feelin like this it for me feel
[Music]
hey man the show we bring man have him
develop a sound you know real a trap no
he just likes key
you spin them blue records over in
Moscow last one is where I would climb
even if he does listen to what we got
man we still don't know what he gonna do
dog got him some tricks man just give me
a chance to get my voice heard every man
has the right to contribute a verse
let me sing like you do everybody got to
have a dream some one-in-a-million shot
I'm a big because sometimes that's what
you gotta go
hustle and flow ain't the size of dog in
the fight it's the size of the fight in
the dog
[Music]